hi I'm Sophie from elements and i'm
going to show you an easy way to use the
ghd curls in five minutes to get your
sectioning clips and what we're going to
do is we're going to section
the bottom bear
like that so we've got a thickness of
the hair like that and we're going to
use our heat protector spray and spray
the section work though and then brush
it to the ends then we're going to
separate the hair into a bring it to the
side so you know what you're doing take
in the straighteners and turn it 460
degrees with the hair at the bottom
feeding into the judge gays blacks I
okay and then you can see we've got the
natural curl and then do in the other
side take in smaller sections it might
be easier for you and then again 10
minute 360 degrees while feeding the
ends into the ghd's like so
but what what's good is don't don't push
it down really hard kind of softly feed
it through I'll but you're just going to
get jagged lines and then doing the next
section from the top of the year all the
way down and then get our Clips again
popping them in
again separating the hair so you can see
what you're doing taking a bit of hair
popping the straightness for 360 degrees
and then feeding the hair through making
sure there's nice tension if there's the
kick the bottom then just curl it
looks I
say
you
okay so taking your next section
from above your eyes and place in the
clips in
as you can see the bottom of its a very
curly but here's quite strikes we get
that contrast okay
I with my hair I have a lot of hair to
work with but you may have easier to
work with so mine takes quite a while to
go free
and then using the ellipses taking the
oil instead of serum which is quite
heavy for their hair oil is just a light
beautiful product that can give your
hair a nice shine make it more smoother
if you wanted to so as you can see it's
given that real shimmer look so there
you have it might want to put up a
hairspray on if you like give it a
little shake and then you're ready to go
out
you